Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/newTicket.md

## Usage
```

> $newTicket[categoryID/name;No question message;In ticket message;Message to user;Error message;(Ticket number;(yes/no) return id of the ticket message)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$newTicket[categoryID/name;No question message;In ticket message;Message to user;Error message;(Ticket number;return id of the ticket message)]
```

```

### Parameters 

> - `categoryID/name` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The category to put the ticket channels in. Can be a category ID or name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `categoryID/name` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The category to put the ticket channels in. Can be a category ID or name.
```

> 🧙‍♂️ Setup the ticket category permissions:
> ![tickets](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529975-b515be80-d6c3-11eb-8f2a-28c629533e52.png)

> - `No question message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that appears in `{subject}` when the user doesn't provide a subject.
> - `In ticket message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that is sent in the new ticket channel.
> - `message to user` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that gets sent in the current channel.
> - `Error message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that gets returned when the ticket can't be created.
> - `Ticket number` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : For custom ticket number.
> - `return id of the ticket message` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : (yes/no) Whether you want the ticket message to return it's id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `No question message` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that appears in `{subject}` when the user doesn't provide a subject.
- `In ticket message` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that is sent in the new ticket channel.
- `message to user` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that gets sent in the current channel.
- `Error message` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that gets returned when the ticket can't be created.
- `Ticket number` `(Type: Integer || Flag: Optional)`: For custom ticket number.
- `return id of the ticket message` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether you want the ticket message to return its id.
```
